# Sort Timing

Recently, we have been discussing many different sorting algorithms. Why do we need to think about this?
The short answer is that each sorting algorithm has a different _run time_. In this project, you will
assess the runtime of each sorting algorithm using Big-O notation.

## Timing Sorts

Please time each of the following sorts:
- Bubble Sort
- Insertion Sort
- Selection Sort
- Merge Sort
- Quick Sort

To do conduct the timing, you will use the included `TimeRecorder` class. Please see the documentation within the class
to determine how to use it's methods. This class enables you to time multiple trials of a single algorithm (in our case,
sorts) and afterwards export a spreadsheet format of the results.

The goal of this project is to determine experimentally the relative runtime/order of growth of each algorithm. Therefore,
you should time each algorithm with increasingly large arrays. For consistency, it's best to use the same arrays for each
algorithm (be sure to _copy_ the array before sending to be sorted).

## Submission

Your submission for this project should be a graph showing the comparative runtimes of each of the sorting algorithms.
To do this, you can use the "chart" feature in MS Excel to plot the data generated by the TimeRecorder class (Excel can
read .csv files). Once you create the chart, you can copy and paste it into MS Paint and save the file as an image and
upload it to your repository.

You should also include the following files:

- BubbleSort.java
- InsertionSort.java
- SelectionSort.java
- MergeSort.java
- QuickSort.java
- TimeTrial.java

Please include the relevant, fully generic sort in the corresponding file and conduct your timing in the class TimeTrial.java.
It is important that you name the files correctly before pushing to GitHub.
